Gathering Facts
ensure OpenJDK is present (needed for both client and server)
ensure Tango8 is removed
ensure Tango9 is present
ensure the tango-common package is present
ensure the python Tango packages are present
ensure the python 3 Tango packages are present for CentOS 7
ensure Tango Host is correctly configured
Hostname as the target
FQDN hostname as the target
set distro-specific variables
Create a database lvm group
Create a database lvm logical volume
The Mysql logical volume is using An XFS filesystem
The logical volume is mounted to /var/lib/mysql
Install MySQL
Ensure enough resources for the mysql database
Ensure enough resources for the mysql database
file
Change the limit of openfile in systemd (CENTOS7+)
Ensure the server has the correct configuration /etc/my.cnf
Start the MySQL service
delete anonymous MySQL users
remove the MySQL test database
Mysql | Check if the root password has been already set
Mysql | Generate a new root password
update mysql root password for all root accounts
copy .my.cnf file with root password credentials
set distro-specific variables
ensure the Tango Database packages are present
ensure that mysqld is running
ensure tango db exists
ensure that db user is configured in mysql
ensure the Tango Database to start with the good mysql credential
ensure that tangodb is running and will start after boot
Gathering Facts
ensure OpenJDK is present (needed for both client and server)
ensure Tango8 is removed
ensure Tango9 is present
ensure the tango-common package is present
ensure the python Tango packages are present
ensure the python 3 Tango packages are present for CentOS 7
ensure Tango Host is correctly configured
ensure the tango-starter is updated and running
ensure the Tango Test Device Server package is present
Ensure enough resources for the tango device server to open connection with the client
ensure Tango User is correctly configured
ensure the tango starter service is running
Gathering Facts
ensure the Lima packages are present
include
set up network interface eth1
Gathering Facts
ensure OpenJDK is present (needed for both client and server)
ensure Tango8 is removed
ensure Tango9 is present
ensure the tango-common package is present
ensure the python Tango packages are present
ensure the python 3 Tango packages are present for CentOS 7
ensure Tango Host is correctly configured
ensure the Tango packages are present
make sure the Tango archiving and snapshot packages are installed and up to date
Ensure the operator account has automatically the X11 forwarding enable
Ensure the remmina package is present
Gathering Facts
Hostname as the target
FQDN hostname as the target
set distro-specific variables
Create a database lvm group
Create a database lvm logical volume
The Mysql logical volume is using An XFS filesystem
The logical volume is mounted to /var/lib/mysql
Install MySQL
Ensure enough resources for the mysql database
Ensure enough resources for the mysql database
file
Change the limit of openfile in systemd (CENTOS7+)
Ensure the server has the correct configuration /etc/my.cnf
Start the MySQL service
delete anonymous MySQL users
remove the MySQL test database
Mysql | Check if the root password has been already set
Mysql | Generate a new root password
update mysql root password for all root accounts
copy .my.cnf file with root password credentials
ensure that the latest IcePAPCMS package is installed
ensure icepapcms db exists
ensure that db user icepapcms is configured
update conflict tables to fix MaxIV name issues.
Gathering Facts
ensure that the latest IcePAPCMS package is installed
ensure that the python-storm-mysql package is installed
ensure that the config file path exists
copy the standard icepapcms.conf to /etc/icepapcms
Gathering Facts
Ensure the dependencies of the Elog are install
delete project directory before update
check repo using git
update project using git
Set the git repository version
update project using hg
Set the hg repository version
parse hg version string properly
update project using svn
Set the svn repository version
parse subversion version string properly
Ensure the project directory is present
Fetch Insights Playbook(s)
Save Insights Version
Repository Version
Write Repository Version
detect requirements.yml
fetch galaxy roles from requirements.yml
fetch galaxy roles from requirements.yml (forced update)
Gathering Facts
include
ensure CentOS-Base Repository is configured for the MAXIV domain
ensure EPEL Repository is configured for the MAXIV domain
configure el repo
copy EL rpm-gpg repo key
setup config for IT Services local repo
configure nux-dextop repo
configure elastic repo
Disable the PXE repo
ensure the Public Tango Yum repo is installed
debug
ensure the Max IV Yum repo is installed
ensure the Max IV pypi repo is configured
ensure the swfactory Yum repo is removed
ensure the old MaxLab Yum repo is removed
ensure the old Maxlab configuration is absent
ensure the epel package are present
configure Galil repos
persist the hostname
set_fact
debug
Remove any obsolete ntp related package if exists
ensure the ntp packages are present
ensure ntpdate is enabled
Ntpdate has the correct ntp server
ensure NTP point out to the correct ntp server
Configure Chrony
msg="trig ntpdate"
Disable firewall on CENTOS 6
Disable firewall on CENTOS 7
Make sure all local groups exist
Make sure the user exists
Add the User to the Authorized Key
install postfix
Configure smtp relay server to enable email sending
Install the Desktop packages for CentOS6
Install the Desktop packages for CentOS7
Install the Mate Desktop packages
Install the Desktop Extension packages for CentOS6
Install the Desktop Extension packages for CentOS7
Remove extra unuseful packages for CentOS7
Set the keyboard layout user space
Set the keyboard layout X11 login screen
Make sure the OS start with the desktop for CentOS6
Set flag to make sure the OS start with the desktop for CentOS7
Make sure the OS start with the desktop for CentOS7
Install the x2go server
Install the Mate Desktop packages
install thinlinc client
configure for maxiv cluster
blacklist nouveau driver
debug
debug
debug
install the nvidia driver
disable nouveau driver from grub
disable nouveau driver from grub
Make sure the gmd global configuration directory exists
set up network interface eth1
set up network gateway for eth1
set up network interface ens224
set up network gateway for ens224
set up network interface ens192
debug
set up network interfaces
set up network gateway for route
Disable firewall on CENTOS 6
Disable firewall on CENTOS 7
Disable firewall on CENTOS 6
Disable firewall on CENTOS 7
Disable firewall on CENTOS 6
Disable firewall on CENTOS 7
debug
Install the Oracle Java Runtime Environment
Check if the correct java version is installeA
Download the Oracle Java RPM
Install the Oracle Java Runtime Environment
Use Oracle Java
Install the Oracle Java Runtime Environment
Use Oracle Java
include_vars
Install Open VM Tools
Run the VM Tools service
include
fail
debug
Make sure sssd is not installed (if previously connected to LDAP server)
Increase the range of User ID number
Install AD connection packages
Install local update of nslcd that supports nested groups
ensure the AD configuration with TLS
Setup nslcd.conf
Setup authconfig by file
Force Authconfig
Setup authconfig by command (Becareful that the command and the template are coherent)
Setup /etc/pam_ldap.conf, RFC 2307 (AD) mappings  (Non idempotent, always overwritten by authconfig)
Setup nslcd.conf
test if the user comes from the central directory
ensure KITS group has sudo privileges
ensure node exporter service is stopped
Clean up old node_exporter settings
remove old maxiv node_exporter systemd package
Remove node_exporter (by default anywhere)
remove node_exporter from supervisor
Check if node_exporter binary exists
set respected node_exporter binary sha256
set fact True if correct node_exporter binary exists
create node_exporter directories
Download node_exporter binary to local folder
Unpack node_exporter binary
Propagate node_exporter binaries
append systemd collector to the command line
create systemd service unit
debug
Looking which version of upstart is install
create init service unit
create sysvinit service unit
ensure node exporter service is enabled and started
ensure apt cache is updated
ensure yum cache is updated
ensure the CLS packages are present
Ensure rpcbind is running
ensure the NFSv4 domain is correct
ensure the NFS dir is mounted
the NFS directories have an hard link
Ensure the old packages are uninstalled for this host
Ensure the packages are correctly installed for this host
Ensure testing packages are correctly installed for this host
debug
add system proxy
debug
insert shell proxy(http)
check if git is installed
add git proxy
Configure git
git_config
git_config
check if docker is installed
add docker proxy
Make sure the daemon directory exists
Enable docker daemon environment file
ensure the local admin group has sudo privileges to install packages and can start/kill as tango service user
Change root SSH access
export default [
Reticulating splines...
Generating witty dialog...
Swapping time and space...
Spinning violently around the y-axis...
Tokenizing real life...
Bending the spoon...
Filtering morale...
Don't think of purple hippos...
We need a new fuse...
Have a good day.
Upgrading Windows, your PC will restart several times. Sit back and relax.
640K ought to be enough for anybody
The architects are still drafting
The bits are breeding
We're building the buildings as fast as we can
Would you prefer chicken, steak, or tofu?
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
Enjoying the elevator music
Please wait while the little elves draw your map
Don't worry - a few bits tried to escape, but we caught them
Would you like fries with that?
Checking the gravitational constant in your locale...
Go ahead -- hold your breath!
...at least you're not on hold...
Hum something loud while others stare
You're not in Kansas any more
The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes.
Please wait while a larger software vendor in Seattle takes over the world
We're testing your patience
As if you had any other choice
Follow the white rabbit
Why don't you order a sandwich?
While the satellite moves into position
keep calm and npm install
The bits are flowing slowly today
Dig on the 'X' for buried treasure... ARRR!
It's still faster than you could draw it
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
I should have had a V8 this morning.
My other loading screen is much faster.
Testing on Timmy... We're going to need another Timmy.
Reconfoobling energymotron...
(Insert quarter)
Are we there yet?
Have you lost weight?
Just count to 10
Why so serious?
It's not you. It's me.
Counting backwards from Infinity
Don't panic...
Embiggening Prototypes
Do not run! We are your friends!
Do you come here often?
Warning: Don't set yourself on fire.
We're making you a cookie.
Creating time-loop inversion field
Spinning the wheel of fortune...
Loading the enchanted bunny...
Computing chance of success
I'm sorry Dave, I can't do that.
Looking for exact change
All your web browser are belong to us
All I really need is a kilobit.
I feel like im supposed to be loading something. . .
What do you call 8 Hobbits? A Hobbyte.
Should have used a compiled language...
Is this Windows?
Adjusting flux capacitor...
Please wait until the sloth starts moving.
Don't break your screen yet!
I swear it's almost done.
Let's take a mindfulness minute...
Unicorns are at the end of this road, I promise.
Listening for the sound of one hand clapping...
Keeping all the 1's and removing all the 0's...
Putting the icing on the cake. The cake is not a lie...
Cleaning off the cobwebs...
Making sure all the i's have dots...
We are not liable for any broken screens as a result of waiting.
We need more dilithium crystals
Where did all the internets go
Connecting Neurotoxin Storage Tank...
Granting wishes...
Time flies when you’re having fun.
Get some coffee and come back in ten minutes..
Spinning the hamster…
99 bottles of beer on the wall..
Stay awhile and listen..
Be careful not to step in the git-gui
You edhall not pass! yet..
Load it and they will come
Convincing AI not to turn evil..
There is no spoon. Because we are not done loading it
Your left thumb points to the right and your right thumb points to the left.
How did you get here?
Wait, do you smell something burning?
Computing the secret to life, the universe, and everything.
When nothing is going right, go left!!...
I love my job only when I'm on vacation...
i'm not lazy, I'm just relaxed!!
Never steal. The government hates competition....
Why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
Life is Short – Talk Fast!!!!
Optimism – is a lack of information.....
Save water and shower together
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Sometimes I think war is God’s way of teaching us geography.
I’ve got problem for your solution…..
Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.
User: the word computer professionals use when they mean !!idiot!!
Adults are just kids with money.
I think I am, therefore, I am. I think.
A kiss is like a fight, with mouths.
You don’t pay taxes—they take taxes.
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. The richer the better!
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.
git happens
May the forks be with you
A commit a day keeps the mobs away
This is not a joke, it's a commit.
Constructing additional pylons...
Roping some seaturtles...
Locating Jebediah Kerman...
We are not liable for any broken screens as a result of waiting.
Hello IT, have you tried turning it off and on again?
If you type Google into Google you can break the internet
Well, this is embarrassing.
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Hello, IT... Have you tried forcing an unexpected reboot?
They just toss us away like yesterday's jam.
They're fairly regular, the beatings, yes. I'd say we're on a bi-weekly beating.
The Elders of the Internet would never stand for it.
Space is invisible mind dust, and stars are but wishes.
Didn't know paint dried so quickly.
Everything sounds the same
I'm going to walk the dog
I didn't choose the engineering life. The engineering life chose me.
Dividing by zero...
Spawn more Overlord!
If I’m not back in five minutes, just wait longer.
Some days, you just can’t get rid of a bug!
We’re going to need a bigger boat.
Chuck Norris never git push. The repo pulls before.
Web developers do it with <style>
I need to git pull --my-life-together
Java developers never RIP. They just get Garbage Collected.
Cracking military-grade encryption...
Simulating traveling salesman...
Proving P=NP...
Entangling superstrings...
Twiddling thumbs...
Searching for plot device...
Trying to sort in O(n)...
Laughing at your pictures-i mean, loading...
Sending data to NS-i mean, our servers.
Looking for sense of humour, please hold on.
Please wait while the intern refills his coffee.
A different error message? Finally, some progress!
Hold on while we wrap up our git together...sorry
Please hold on as we reheat our coffee
Kindly hold on as we convert this bug to a feature...
Kindly hold on as our intern quits vim...
Winter is coming...
Installing dependencies
Switching to the latest JS framework...
Distracted by cat gifs
Finding someone to hold my beer
BRB, working on my side project
@todo Insert witty loading message
Let's hope it's worth the wait
Aw, snap! Not..
Ordering 1s and 0s...
Updating dependencies...
Whatever you do, don't look behind you...
Please wait... Consulting the manual...
It is dark. You're likely to be eaten by a grue.
Loading funny message...
It's 10:00pm. Do you know where your children are?
Waiting Daenerys say all her titles...
Feel free to spin in your chair
What the what?
format C: ...
Forget you saw that password I just typed into the IM ...
What's under there?
Your computer has a virus, its name is Windows!
Go ahead, hold your breath and do an ironman plank till loading complete
Bored of slow loading spinner, buy more RAM!
Help, I'm trapped in a loader!
What is the difference btwn a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
Please wait, while we purge the Decepticons for you. Yes, You can thanks us later
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is
Mining some bitcoins..
Downloading more RAM.
Updating to Windows Vista..
Deleting System32 folde
Hiding all ;'s in your cod
Alt-F4 speeds things up
Initializing the initializer..
When was the last time you dusted around here
Optimizing the optimizer..
Last call for the data bus! All aboard
Running swag sticker detection..
When nothing is going right, go left
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry
A computer will do what you tell it to do, but that may be much different from what you had in mind
Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else, there's Google
Unix is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are
Shovelling coal into the serve
Pushing pixels..
How about this weather, eh
Building a wall..
Everything in this universe is either a potato or not a potat
The severity of your issue is always lower than you expected
Updating Updater..
Downloading Downloader..
Debugging Debugger..
Reading Terms and Conditions for you
Digested cookies being baked again
Live long and prosper
There is no cow level, but there's a goat one
Deleting all your hidden porn..
Running with scissors..
Definitely not a virus..
You may call me Steve
You seem like a nice person..
Coffee at my place, tommorow at 10A.M. - don't be late
Work, work..
Patience! This is difficult, you know..
Discovering new ways of making you wait..
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you..
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banan
Two men walked into a bar; the third ducked..
Sooooo... Have you seen my vacation photos yet
Sorry we are busy catching em' all, we're done soo
TODO: Insert elevator musi
Still faster than Windows updat
Composer hack: Waiting for reqs to be fetched is less frustrating if you add -vvv to your command
......... Oh shit, you were waiting for me to do something? Oh okay, well then.
Not panicking...totally not panicking...er...everything's fine...
Following the white rabbit....
"Going the distance..."
The Elders of the Internet are contemplating your request...
PC Load Letter!? What the $#%& does that mean?
All your base are belong to us
Baking cake...er...I mean loading, yeah loading...
I'll be with you in a bit...(snicker)
Let this abomination unto the Lord begin
Making stuff up. Please wait...
Searching for the... OMG, what the heck is THAT doing there?
Loading the Loading message....
The internet is full... Please wait...
Checking prime directives: Serve the public trust...Protect the innocent...Uphold the law...Classified....
Slackbot is groggy. installing java
Initializing Skynet library. gaining sentience....
I'm quite drunk, loading might take a little more time than the usual! Please be patient....
Commencing infinite loop (this may take some time)....
Caching internet locally....
Water detected on drive C:, please wait. Spin dry commencing
Yes there really are magic elves with an abacus working frantically in here
Load failed. retrying with --prayer....
Performing the rite of percussive maintenance....
Sacrificing a resistor to the machine gods....
Adding Randomly Mispeled Words Into Text
Adding Vanilla Flavor to Ice Giants
All races of Norrath will learn to work together
Always Frisky Kerrans
Attaching Beards to Dwarves
Bristlebane Was Here
Buy:LurN Tu Tok liK Da OgUr iN Ayt DaYz by OG
Checking Anti-Camp Radius
Creating Randomly Generated Feature
Delivering the Lion Meat to Halas
DING!
Does Anyone Actually Read This?
Doing Something You Don't Wanna Know About
Doing The Impossible
Don't Panic
Dusting Off Spellbooks
Ensuring Everything Works Perfektly
Ensuring Gnomes Are Still Short
Filling Halflings With Pie
Generating Plans for Faster-Than-Light Travel
Grrr. Bark. Bark. Grrr.
Have You Hugged An Iksar Today?
Have You Tried Batwing Crunchies Cereal?
Hiding Catnip From Vah Shir
Hitting Your Keyboard Won't Make This Faster
Honk if You Eat Gnomes
If You Squeeze Dark Elves You Don't Get Wine
In The Grey, No One Can Hear You Scream
Isn't It About Time You Washed Your Armor?
Karnor's... Over 41 Billion Trains Served
Loading, Don't Wait If You Don't Want To
Look Out Behind You
Looking For Graphics
Looking Up Barbarian Kilts
Now Spawning Fippy_Darkpaw_432,366,578
Oiling Clockworks
Outfitting Pigs With Wings
Pizza...The Other Other White Meat
Polishing Erudite Foreheads
Preparing to Spin You Around Rapidly
Refreshing Death Touch Ammunition
Ruining My Own Lands
Sanding Wood Elves... now 34% smoother.
Sharpening Claws
Sharpening Swords
Spawning Your_Characters01
Starching High Elf Robes
Stringing Bows
Stupidificationing Ogres
Teaching Snakes to Kick
Told You It Wasn't Made of Cheese
Warning: Half Elves Are Now .49999 Elves.
Whacking Trolls With Ugly Stick